morning Lauren glad you could finally
make the time for your one-to-one tutor
session alright it was scheduled to
start 20 minutes ago
was it actually your sexy it was
actually yeah oh sorry I'll do my
tick-tock cynic it was my tick-tock sir
I'm tick-tock famous nice well I'm
inside here waiting four years old I
knew you're waiting for me good for you
right no if I could turn your attention
towards your self-assessment reflection
yeah you're standing too close to me
you're standing too close to your
computer sir you've got a stand to me
it's a way otherwise you could infect me
with the virus
don't be ridiculous social distancing
sir you could be asymptomatic I'm not
Asian dramatic how do you know
is your name Chris witty Oh Chris what
you sir are you Chris what you though
can I ask you a question kind of ask
your question so just want to answer
your question cannot ask your question
go ahead are you or have you ever been a
doctor are you a member of the WHI I'm
not a doctor but I do know you cannot
catch a virus through a computer
computer virus followed a science
there's not the same thing and you knew
it I'm taking no chances
take that off Lauren droplets in it
Lauren this isn't for me it's for you
sir take it off please I'm protecting
you
I don't need protecting yeah cause
you're old sir I am 45 years old yeah
that's well old sir okay you're
vulnerable sir I'm not vulnerable did
they let you shop earlier at Sainsbury's
no because of your underlying condition
I don't have any underlying conditions
you're Scott Easter being Scottish is
not an underlying condition the virus
don't respect borders though your kilt
cannot protect you I know you're trying
to do it mom are your grandchildren
forced to think happy birthday outside
your window I don't have grandchildren
do you press your hand against a glass
to say hello that's not funny Lauren I
know sir but I still new normal enough
your grades Lauren are headed on a
downward trajectory just trying to
flatten the curve and your tedious
commitment to belligerence it's stunning
thank you I know this is all of a game
to you Lauren I get that but I have to
tell you right now if you do not turn
this attitude around start to focus
properly on your education from now on
you will get new exams you all have very
few options I don't even bleep
future comes
fair enough
you make a valid point excuse me yeah I
hear what you're saying and you agree
with it yeah I know I've got to turn
things around sir I've had a lot of time
to think during lockdown
a global pandemic can really focus your
minds I've got to stop messing about and
it I'd I'm gonna look back and think I
didn't fulfill my potential I want to
make something of my life because if not
now sir
then when what Wow I'm shocked but I'm
so glad to hear you're talking like this
Lauren I never thought I was gonna be
able to get through to you but you're
exactly right because you have potential
or you really do you are so bright and
imaginative and if you could set your
mind to it
you could achieve great things I really
believe in you are all the hand
sanitizer I can tell have you been
buying all the toilet but only one can
Stein even bothered about my toaster
exam tic-tac you can't get famous with a
tic-tac so that's a breath mint we
should go viral like the virus not a
problem don't tick tock with me so I'll
come by you tick-tock lon
I am NOT being a tick tock with you
[Music]
this was created as part of the beat 19
and we hope you like the videos and we
also hope that you'll click the link
below and make a donation because right
now our charities up and down the UK and
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully your
hand in your pocket and give what you
can thank you